Briefly explain the GIL assuming you were addressing a non-technical audience. What are the potential cost implications of the GIL for scaling a production application?Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) is a lock that stops ruby code being ran in parallel, this is important as incorrect handling of multi-threading can lead to issues with data integrity.What this means is that ruby will only ever execute one thread at a time, regardless of available resources. If you have 8 threads working on an 8-core machine, only one core will actually be busy at a given timeRunning code in parallel means creating threads in which the code will run. The reason this can lead to data integrity issues is because as a code block runs, it may change the state of the underlying object being modified but as parallel code runs the changes from one thread running may not be available as another thread runs.Also for a non-technical audience, explain how a background job queuing service could help when accessing external APIs.If the application is CPU intensive and requires a large intra-process cache for performance then the optimal approach would be to run maximum threads within one process rather than having a large number of concurrent processes. In this situation because of the GIL this would not be possible. In terms of potential cost implications for scaling there are limitations with concurrency such as the requirement for more memory when compared to multithreadingHow can background job queuing service could help when accessing external APIs??????Background jobs are processes that run outside the usual request/response flow workflow that is part of all modern web frameworks.Web applications receive a request, do some processing and immediately return a response.In the case that a request is sent and the action it does requires speaking to a separate api,receiving data and manipulating that data then there could be a considerable wait time before this process completes. All the while the user is waiting on the action to complete so they can receive their response.In situations like this we can use background jobs so that when the user sends a request, the system sends the action of speaking to an external api to a background job and can continue on with a response to the user allowing the user to proceed without waiting for the system to speak to the api, retrieve the data and manipulate it. Background jobs will also allow for retries if there is an issue successfully completing the job and if it fails it will not interrupt the user from continuing to use the system.